Add week 2 learning outcomes (#10)
foundersandcoders/coursebook: learning-outcomes.md

# Week 2 Learning Outcomes

## HTTP

### Asynchronicity

- [ ] **We can write code that executes asynchronously**

> - [ ] We can use callbacks to make our code non blocking

Reviewer: The callback itself doesn't make code non-blocking, it just allows us to access a value later on from code that got pushed to the back of the queue. Also we should have promises here if they're going to be using fetch

```suggestion
- [ ] We can use callbacks to access values that aren't available synchronously
- [ ] We can use promises to access values that aren't available synchronously
```
```

### Fetch

> - [ ] **We can use the fetch method to make API requests and receive responses**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] **We can use the fetch method to make HTTP requests and receive responses**
```
"API" is used for so much stuff it gets confusing. Also you can make requests to servers that wouldn't necessarily be what most think of as an API

- [ ] We can configure the options argument of the fetch method to make GET and POST requests
- [ ] We can use an API key to bypass rate limit restrictions on certain APIs

- [ ] **We can use the map and filter methods to display different data based on user input**
- [ ] We can return filtered items from an array that match specified criteria
- [ ] We can map over an array to create a new array containing new values

- [ ] **We can manipulate the DOM using JavaScript**
- [ ] We can use different selector methods to select DOM nodes
- [ ] We can add and remove DOM nodes to change the appearance of our website

> - [ ] We can toggle the classes applied to DOM nodes to change their properties

Reviewer: Does "properties" here refer to CSS properties?

Author: Yeah, I'll make that explicitly clear though

## Design

- [ ] **We can use consistent layout and spacing**

> - [ ] We can implement readability margins to ensure a comfortable reading experience on different devices

Reviewer: What does "readability margins" mean? Preventing the line-length from getting too long or stopping the text hitting the edge of the page? (Or both?)

Author: I meant preventing the line length from getting too long. I'll rephrase to make it clearer

- [ ] We can follow a spacing guideline to give our app a consistent feel
- [ ] We can strike a good balance between active space and white space in our app

## Developer Toolkit LOs

- [ ] **We can debug client side JS in our web browser**
- [ ] We can inspect the DOM in our browser to see which elements are there
- [ ] We can view the console in our browser to help us debug our JavaScript

> - [ ] We can use console.log() to help us debug our code

Reviewer: I think these two are basically the same?

> - [ ] We can setup Prettier so that our code is more readable

Reviewer: Bit pedantic sorry, but "setup" is a noun. "set up" is the verb. Also I'd say the most important Prettier benefit to highlight is consistency within a team

```suggestion
- [ ] We can set up Prettier so that our formatting is consistent across the team
```

Author: That's a great point, I agree that's the most important benefit of using Prettier
